oh one more thing regarding my future i
want to say tonight is my last new show
for the summer i'm taking the summer off
to spend even more time with my family
i've been doing this job for almost 18
years
i've done 3130 shows and there's nothing
wrong my family is healthy i'm healthy
i just need a couple of months off so
while i am gone a cavalcade of very kind
and capable people will be filling in
for me i think you're going to be very
happy with them
they will be guest hosting the show
guillermo you'll make sure they don't
steal any of my stuff right
okay jimmy okay thank you guillermo as
of monday
our show will be on vacation for two
weeks and then we will have new shows
with a variety of guest hosts and hold
on
excuse me what did you just say i was
telling the audience that i'm gonna be
off this summer
what what does that mean off it means
off it means not on
that means i won't be here what am i
going to do
what do you mean what are you going to
do i mean i haven't been on
i mean i've been back here three months
waiting to get on
you have yeah you've been in that
bedroom
for three months yeah
why because we had to leave the studio
i know we had to leave the studio why
did you have to leave the studio why
were you
maybe you heard of something called the
coronavirus i know i don't mean why
i mean why did never mind you know what
you're not smart enough to understand
this
i'm not smart enough to understand right
yeah hey you know why why is the only
book you have on your show you're not on
the show
he's not on the show that does not count
tory spelling's
storytelling what's wrong that's a very
good book
i i read it three times i got less every
time i read it that is a classic book oh
it's a classic
yes it's good one year for her birthday
tori got a visit from smidget the
world's smallest living horse
because her dad is so rich she could
have anything that she wants
so stupid you are so stupid hey what is
my
that's my wife why is my wife in the
room i mean
why do you think she's in the room you
son of a
you did it again like that's right
bobby baby balls
hey molly get your mask on i'm on my way
have a great summer in
lake whoever gives up where you're going
you have a great summer wherever you're
going
i will i'm going into your wife okay
uh we're going to take a break now i'm
sorry you had to see that
i am going to get a divorce and we'll be
back with pharrell williams